# 30MFF-site
 Project Name: Water™

 Description: The project was to create a website for he 30MFF activity in class. My team's film was about water. Given the simplicity of this activity, I thought a similarly simple webpage design with easy navigation would be fitting. I decided to include all the information in one page with a navigation bar for different sections of the page. I think the final result contains al the relevant information and reflects the simplicity of the project at the same time.

 Process: Firstly, I layed out the three sections of the webpage before including the content. From there, I started including the content of each page and experimenting with different page layouts until the page reached its current state. 
 I also wanted to implement an interaction everytime the user clicks on the page. I thought about generating a water drop which splashes when it hits some of the elements or the end of the page. But this interaction might not be very effective as the user has to navigate through the page or trigger the interaction in a specific location to see the entire interaction as it plays. As I looked for more options, the water ripple effect made the most sense, so I imported it as it is too difficult to implement from scratch. I tried to restrict the effect to mouse clicks only instead of movement, but it worked more smoothly with movement, so I went with that.

 Reflection: The most significant change in the page was at the third section of the page. At first, I thought I would dedicate it for the cast information. But as I started thinking about the footer, I thought putting the cast information there made more sense. Otherwise, I think the final page reflects what I was going for in terms of design to a high degree.